hey guys it's jamboros and i'm back with
my fourth video uh as part of my series
of the loot guide for physical dps and
phase three and phase four today i'll be
doing beast mastery hunter uh hopefully
this should give all you hunters out
there a good idea of what items are best
for you which ones are still good for
you and which ones you don't really want
to touch
uh to start out with a few of the sims
and parameters the different methodology
i used i did use six's simulator
he did a great job with this really easy
to use
very clear
i also use a lot of resources from
veramos who posts on the hunter discord
he almost did all the work
anyways i just want i still use my own
numbers
just because i wanted to keep all the
different parameters between all the
different classes correct
uh speaking of which i did use a night
elf everything is a 180 second duration
for all the fights just like all the
other classes
7 700 armor
humanoid boss it's all purely single
target
all appropriate buffs raid buffs
no battle chickens
and no melee weaving which is a big part
of this there's no melee weaving
involved
the top three items of the tier per slot
will be simmed for comparison with some
exceptions for like ring and trinket
combinations
um all these sims used complete gear
sets and didn't just sim
uh individual items so for example
if changing gems around for optimize for
hit rating
or different pieces to make up for hit
rating for example or two-piece or
four-piece bonuses
the
tier five this is used to simulate the
opening of mount hydra and black temple
and what will be the biggest upgrades
right off the bat um
because of that uh tier five stuff will
use rare gems except for the replace
item which will be able to use epic gems
same thing from when i sim from tier 6
downwards
they'll all use epic gems because it'll
be available once phase 3 releases
all right so we'll get going with the
talents here this is a very basic spec
this is the tier v fist which uses a
four piece tier five so you'll have to
break that at some point we will want to
upgrade everything
uh tier six does use a four piece as
well
speaking of which as a side note
hunters probably used more items from
phase four uh zulaman than any of the
other classes i did anything with notice
the two daggers
the ring and the trinket
before we start comparing individual
items in the slots uh
hunter's had a pretty hard time
navigating the hit cap
there's a lot of different police pieces
you can replace
i ranked them here for hit pieces and
non-hit pieces
um the number one hit piece i like to
use was the choker of endless nightmares
uh that adds hit so if you replace
anything that takes away hit this is
your best substitute piece
second of that is the bone weave girdle
and third of that is madness of the
betrayer
with the non-hit pieces
if you really wanted a drop hit
um the cloak slot was the best place to
do this is that one is from phase two
and the other is an easy to get item
from phase four
for the helm slot we've got curse
fisherman sargeras coming in at number
one
well ahead of its second place forest
prowler's helm just like
all the other physical dps classes
however four throwers helm keep that
item in mind uh it is a good second
option for your off piece once you get
tier six uh there's one other option
which we'll get to when we get to that
slot um
tier six helm is not particularly great
uh has mp5 on it
um colin falls behind between all the
other options
you can see here too in full bits
forest prowler's helm is still 21 whole
dps behind cursed vision of sargeras
but
you could do worse that's just such a
strong item
all the necks here um
they're all really close uh this is one
of the most changed out slots uh which
you'll balance around your hit rating
um they all have some merits they're all
within just a few dps of each other
uh same thing in fulbus serrated blades
has armor pen endless nightmares has hit
and uh the talonicus pendant from phase
two is just a really strong item in
general uh
serrated blades will be the best
the more armor pen you have
or if you really need the hit
that'll be valued more you'll use
endless nightmares more or if you need
neither or have a lower amount of armor
pen
the phase 2 this will still be best
for the shoulders
uh the tier six is really the way to go
here the akama shade of akama
shoulders can have a little bit of value
right off the bat
uh but the leather working crafted ones
are just really really far behind
and in full best they fall way behind
nothing comes close
uh
tier six is really the only way to go
and the only item that you should be
replacing
your old shoulders with
in this slot
the cloak slot is another one of those
more interchangeable item slots
as you can see here straight up from
phase two
none of these are actual upgrades
they're all a few dps loss that changes
once you get more better items here in
tier six
with the exception of clock fiends the
cloak which is good for so many other
classes is just really not good for
hunters
but the shadow moon destroyer straight
from taran gorfind
technically this
does have hit which can be changed out
for your other non-hit options which is
your still best item from phase 2 the
thalassian wilder cloak and in phase 4
there's a justice a badge of justice
item called dory's embrace which
actually has armor pen
those can be pretty interchangeable
depending on the rest of your gear
for the chest
just like the cloak slot none of these
are upgrades right off the bat
the tier 6 chest is close
and will end up being
your best item through phase three and
phase four uh the others are not really
in fact they come in so far behind that
you're looking at losing 40 dps or more
um so the tier vi item is really your
only
your only item that you really can
replace here
in phase three and phase four
uh the wrists
you do have a good immediate upgrade the
insidious bands off of taran gorfind
unfortunately the crafted bracers are
not better it's only about a one dps
upgrade off the bat and the leather
working uh swift strike bracers are
actually dps loss and they fall farther
behind in tier 6 bits
more than 20 from the insidious bands
for the gloves it's going to be one of
those things that are not even close to
a contest
they provide an immediate upgrade and
all the other options are huge huge
downgrades right off the spot which is
only exacerbated in full tier six fifths
which is over 70 dps loss it's wild it
doesn't even come close
the hit and the armor pen on tier six is
just too good
even though the other ones are uh haste
rating which is kind of a big problem
for hunters
uh for the belt you'll be replacing your
face tubis of a deep shadow
with a couple options
uh the money belt and the bone weave
girdle are both really good
the veil stalker is not really worth
talking about it's just really far
behind
and in tier six bits that's they're
still really close within one dps
and i would really really encourage you
to try to pick up the bone weave girdle
if possible having an item with that
extra hit rating offers you a lot of
flexibility
even if the money belt is technically
your best
for the legs this was your previous off
piece
um
as you'll see here the tier 6 legs are
technically a decrease right off the bat
with the best item coming in for the bow
stitch leggings
in full tier 6 bits
you'll want to use
the tier 6.
you really want the four piece in fact
the bosa leggings start falling behind
however it's actually comparatively
close this is your other option for an
offsp slot
uh it's either this or the helm
cursed vision is a really contested
piece if you're not able to get it using
your off piece for bow stitch leggings
is
an option
either way if nobody else needs them
they're a big upgrade right off the bat
and then you can relegate them if you
need to and end up using tier 6 later
you have a couple options here for your
boot slot
by a pretty big margin shadow masters
boots is going to be your biggest dps
upgrade however soft step boots
maybe a valuable item to pick up just to
acquire the extra hit rating piece to
allow you a little more flexibility and
moving your gear around the head cap
they're not super close but relatively
close into your six fifths
uh about a full deep 10 dps behind
unfortunately shadow masters boots are a
little more contested items so they
maybe will
maybe worth being picked up anyways
the softstaff boots
finally you'll be able to replace that
ring from all the way back in phase one
uh the magtheridon ring
which was paired with the band of the
ranger general in phase two
um there are three upgrade paths here uh
the stormrage signet ring the signature
primal wrath which just comes from
zulaman and then also the mount hyjal
rep ring
surprisingly the stormrage ring
was not a huge dps increase right off
the bat
upon reflection it's because it carries
so much hit rating and in your tier five
best you already have like a bit of an
excess amount of hit rating
um so it doesn't appear to be as big of
an upgrade the abandoned devastation
doesn't even really come close and it's
trash um
these both of these rings that you were
using previously are about the same
strength
it's just a matter of balancing for hit
rating these numbers were almost the
exact same as the one before
now this was really interesting in full
tier 6 bits which i used the storm rage
and the signet of primal wrath
what actually came up ahead in uh the
end of phase 4
was a the signet or primal wrath
and
the band of the eternal champion by
about four to five dps
um
leads me to believe that the stormrage
signet ring was not as good
previously this does involve adding more
hit items you're losing 30 hit rating by
taking off the storm range signet ring
um you'd probably be replacing like the
bone weave girdle for your belt and the
choker of endless nightmares so you're
replacing a couple slots for that
however it's still really close within 5
dps
i just don't think that the storm range
signal ring would be much more of a huge
priority uh especially if you're
considering replacing it and you have
all those other items in phase four
dragon spine trophy is still king of
your trinkets
um however it's getting a lot closer
here towards the end of phase four
uh berserker's call is really really
good
um
and that and madness of the betrayer
comes up only like two dps short
of berserker's call in the dst
combination
uh madness betrayer will be your best in
phase three you would just replace it
with berserker's call in phase four uh
the ashton talisman and the bloodlust
brooch don't really match up they're
just a little too far behind
uh for your main hand weapon previously
we're using a talon of the phoenix and
then the claw of the phoenix for your
offhand
one of your biggest upgrades actually is
from zulaman
it's a dagger and it is armor pen so it
definitely makes it quite a bit better
uh
in full tier six fifths the other items
kind of come behind a little bit uh
boundless agony will be your best in
phase three uh and rage doesn't really
match up
for your offhand since those daggers are
not unique you're actually able to use
two of them so again it'll be your
number one option uh the blade of infamy
here will come in in your second miss
which will be this in phase three
and your weapon uh your number one item
is going to be the bristle blitz striker
from archimonde that's gonna be your
biggest upgrade from the vashbow uh the
black bow the portrayer will be your
second bis it really just depends on
which one drops first and how many other
hunters you have in your raid they're
both good um it's just the archimonde
bow comes out a little ahead
uh in fulbus
the surface spine longbow actually
measures up a little bit it's just the
other two herbs better
a bit of a summary here uh these are
your useless items that were simmed out
things you're really never going to want
to use
the leather working crafted stuff the
shoulders and the bracers you'll never
want the ashtang death sworn trinket
which is a rep item from black temple
surprisingly the zuluman cloak is not
very good which is actually in demand
for so many other physical dps classes
that and like the grips of damnation as
well which is actually a pretty hotly
contested item
uh these are great upgrades if your
business is not available yet uh
there's a lot of really good ones here
to have uh choker valence nightmare
stories embrace boneweeve girdle forest
prowlers helm these all help you
navigate around your hit cap really well
along with being just generally solid
items
and these are your highest priority
cursed vision of sargeras really tops
this list
surprisingly uh tier six is
really good for hunters um with no other
options for a few slots uh spaulders
chest guard gloves nothing really comes
close they're massive dps losses without
taking your tier 6 and should be one of
the first things you actually go for
there are a few other easier options to
get to from zulaman
the signet
the daggers
with them being 10 mans these should be
more accessible items for you to have
and that's it
thanks guys uh thanks for watching feel
free to subscribe to my channel i had a
lot of fun making this video
you can follow me on twitch as well
i stream all of my raids
feel free to tell me how good i'm doing
but i'm doing you can chat with me if
you have any questions there and thanks
for watching